stalker/sound/blowout/blowout_amb_01.ogg 47.8 kilobytes
stalker/sound/blowout/blowout_amb_02.ogg 46.9 kilobytes
stalker/sound/blowout/blowout_amb_03.ogg 75.5 kilobytes
stalker/sound/blowout/blowout_amb_04.ogg 104.1 kilobytes
stalker/sound/blowout/blowout_amb_05.ogg 37.0 kilobytes
stalker/sound/blowout/blowout_amb_06.ogg 86.3 kilobytes
stalker/sound/blowout/blowout_amb_07.ogg 30.1 kilobytes
stalker/sound/blowout/blowout_amb_08.ogg 46.0 kilobytes
stalker/sound/blowout/blowout_ambient_rumble_01.ogg 20.6 kilobytes
stalker/sound/blowout/blowout_ambient_rumble_02.ogg 44.0 kilobytes
stalker/sound/blowout/blowout_ambient_rumble_03.ogg 58.4 kilobytes
stalker/sound/blowout/blowout_ambient_rumble_04.ogg 35.9 kilobytes
stalker/sound/blowout/blowout_wave_01.ogg 118.2 kilobytes
stalker/sound/blowout/blowout_wave_02.ogg 358.2 kilobytes
stalker/sound/blowout/blowout_wave_03.ogg 507.0 kilobytes
stalker/sound/blowout/blowout_boom_01.ogg 29.7 kilobytes
stalker/sound/blowout/blowout_boom_02.ogg 29.0 kilobytes
stalker/sound/blowout/blowout_boom_03.ogg 51.3 kilobytes
stalker/sound/blowout/blowout_lightning_01.ogg 78.4 kilobytes
stalker/sound/blowout/blowout_lightning_02.ogg 54.5 kilobytes
stalker/sound/blowout/blowout_lightning_03.ogg 43.4 kilobytes
stalker/sound/blowout/blowout_lightning_04.ogg 70.3 kilobytes
stalker/sound/blowout/blowout_lightning_05.ogg 89.1 kilobytes
stalker/sound/blowout/blowout_flare_01.ogg 40.3 kilobytes
stalker/sound/blowout/blowout_flare_02.ogg 48.8 kilobytes
stalker/sound/blowout/blowout_flare_03.ogg 27.3 kilobytes
stalker/sound/blowout/blowout_flare_04.ogg 36.7 kilobytes
stalker/sound/blowout/blowout_wind_01.ogg 353.5 kilobytes
stalker/sound/blowout/blowout_wind_02.ogg 423.4 kilobytes
stalker/sound/blowout/blowout_wind_03.ogg 425.3 kilobytes
stalker/sound/blowout/blowout_begin_02.ogg 362.2 kilobytes
stalker/sound/blowout/blowout_siren.ogg 702.3 kilobytes
stalker/sound/blowout/blowout_particle_wave.ogg 163.8 kilobytes
stalker/sound/blowout/blowout_impact_02.ogg 266.7 kilobytes
stalker/sound/blowout/blowout_outro.ogg 693.7 kilobytes
stalker/sound/start.ogg 56.3 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/amb01.ogg 3.3 megabytes
stalker/sound/ambience/amb02.ogg 2.1 megabytes
stalker/sound/ambience/amb03.ogg 1.8 megabytes
stalker/sound/ambience/amb04.ogg 1.6 megabytes
stalker/sound/ambience/amb05.ogg 1.6 megabytes
stalker/sound/ambience/amb06.ogg 1.2 megabytes
stalker/sound/ambience/amb07.ogg 1.3 megabytes
stalker/sound/ambience/amb08.ogg 1.6 megabytes
stalker/sound/ambience/amb09.ogg 1.3 megabytes
stalker/sound/ambience/amb10.ogg 1.5 megabytes
stalker/sound/ambience/amb11.ogg 5.0 megabytes
stalker/sound/ambience/amb12.ogg 4.1 megabytes
stalker/sound/ambience/amb13.ogg 1.5 megabytes
stalker/sound/ambience/amb15.ogg 1.7 megabytes
stalker/sound/ambience/amb16.ogg 1.1 megabytes
stalker/sound/ambience/amb17.ogg 829.2 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/amb20.ogg 1.6 megabytes
stalker/sound/ambience/amb21.ogg 1.9 megabytes
stalker/sound/ambience/amb22.ogg 1.5 megabytes
stalker/sound/ambience/amb23.ogg 1.1 megabytes
stalker/sound/ambience/amb24.ogg 2.3 megabytes
stalker/sound/ambience/amb25.ogg 4.8 megabytes
stalker/sound/ambience/amb26.ogg 501.6 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/amb27.ogg 3.1 megabytes
stalker/sound/ambience/amb28.ogg 3.1 megabytes
stalker/sound/ambience/amb29.ogg 2.2 megabytes
stalker/sound/ambience/amb30.ogg 1.4 megabytes
stalker/sound/ambience/amb31.ogg 3.5 megabytes
stalker/sound/ambience/amb32.ogg 1.0 megabytes
stalker/sound/ambience/amb33.ogg 1.6 megabytes
stalker/sound/ambience/amb34.ogg 4.5 megabytes
stalker/sound/ambience/amb35.ogg 1006.2 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/amb36.ogg 1.8 megabytes
stalker/sound/ambience/amb37.ogg 1.0 megabytes
stalker/sound/ambience/amb38.ogg 6.7 megabytes
stalker/sound/objects/door_closing.ogg 52.5 kilobytes
stalker/sound/objects/door_closing.ogg 52.5 kilobytes
stalker/sound/objects/inv_open.ogg 8.7 kilobytes
stalker/sound/objects/inv_slot.ogg 6.8 kilobytes
stalker/sound/weapons/draw/generic_draw.ogg 24.3 kilobytes
stalker/sound/weapons/draw/ak74_draw.ogg 22.1 kilobytes
stalker/sound/weapons/fading/rnd_shooting_1.ogg 14.8 kilobytes
stalker/sound/weapons/fading/rnd_shooting_2.ogg 37.3 kilobytes
stalker/sound/weapons/fading/rnd_shooting_4.ogg 18.8 kilobytes
stalker/sound/weapons/fading/rnd_shooting_5.ogg 38.1 kilobytes
stalker/sound/weapons/fading/rnd_shooting_6.ogg 38.2 kilobytes
stalker/sound/weapons/fading/rnd_shooting_7.ogg 13.2 kilobytes
stalker/sound/weapons/fading/rnd_shooting_9.ogg 29.0 kilobytes
stalker/sound/weapons/fading/rnd_shooting_10.ogg 20.7 kilobytes
stalker/sound/weapons/fading/rnd_shooting_11.ogg 28.8 kilobytes
stalker/sound/weapons/detach_addon.ogg 10.3 kilobytes
stalker/sound/weapons/detach_addon.ogg 10.3 kilobytes
stalker/sound/weapons/attach_addon.ogg 16.6 kilobytes
stalker/sound/weapons/silencer.ogg 4.8 kilobytes
stalker/sound/weapons/attach_addon.ogg 16.6 kilobytes
stalker/sound/anomalies/electra_blast1.ogg 28.8 kilobytes
stalker/sound/anomalies/gravi_blowout1.ogg 27.2 kilobytes
stalker/sound/anomalies/gravi_blowout1.ogg 27.2 kilobytes
stalker/sound/anomalies/zharka1.ogg 130.2 kilobytes
stalker/sound/anomalies/buzz_hit.ogg 14.6 kilobytes
stalker/sound/anomalies/buzz_hit.ogg 14.6 kilobytes
stalker/sound/pda/geiger_1.ogg 11.9 kilobytes
stalker/sound/pda/geiger_4.ogg 10.1 kilobytes
stalker/sound/pda/geiger_6.ogg 18.9 kilobytes

stalker/sound/mobs/mutants/attack/dog_attack.ogg 12.7 kilobytes
stalker/sound/mobs/mutants/idle/bdog_idle_1.ogg 8.7 kilobytes
stalker/sound/mobs/mutants/idle/bdog_idle_2.ogg 5.9 kilobytes
stalker/sound/mobs/mutants/idle/bdog_idle_3.ogg 12.9 kilobytes
stalker/sound/mobs/mutants/idle/bdog_idle_4.ogg 5.9 kilobytes
stalker/sound/mobs/mutants/death/dog_death.ogg 32.4 kilobytes
stalker/sound/mobs/mutants/attack/snork_attack.ogg 41.6 kilobytes
stalker/sound/mobs/mutants/idle/snork_idle_1.ogg 173.0 kilobytes
stalker/sound/mobs/mutants/idle/snork_idle_2.ogg 125.5 kilobytes
stalker/sound/mobs/mutants/idle/snork_idle_3.ogg 32.4 kilobytes
stalker/sound/mobs/mutants/death/snork_death.ogg 58.6 kilobytes
stalker/sound/mobs/mutants/attack/flesh_attack.ogg 6.1 kilobytes
stalker/sound/mobs/mutants/idle/flesh_idle_1.ogg 60.3 kilobytes
stalker/sound/mobs/mutants/idle/flesh_idle_2.ogg 15.4 kilobytes
stalker/sound/mobs/mutants/death/flesh_death.ogg 21.5 kilobytes
stalker/sound/mobs/mutants/attack/boar_attack.ogg 11.8 kilobytes
stalker/sound/mobs/mutants/idle/boar_idle_1.ogg 11.9 kilobytes
stalker/sound/mobs/mutants/idle/boar_idle_2.ogg 12.8 kilobytes
stalker/sound/mobs/mutants/idle/boar_idle_3.ogg 16.2 kilobytes
stalker/sound/mobs/mutants/death/boar_death.ogg 15.8 kilobytes
stalker/sound/mobs/mutants/attack/bloodsucker_attack.ogg 13.0 kilobytes
stalker/sound/mobs/mutants/idle/bloodsucker_idle_1.ogg 48.2 kilobytes
stalker/sound/mobs/mutants/death/bloodsucker_death.ogg 16.0 kilobytes
stalker/sound/mobs/mutants/idle/bloodsucker_breath.ogg 22.4 kilobytes
stalker/sound/mobs/mutants/attack/pdog_attack.ogg 16.4 kilobytes
stalker/sound/mobs/mutants/idle/pdog_idle_1.ogg 26.3 kilobytes
stalker/sound/mobs/mutants/idle/pdog_idle_2.ogg 26.3 kilobytes
stalker/sound/mobs/mutants/idle/pdog_idle_3.ogg 15.8 kilobytes
stalker/sound/mobs/mutants/idle/pdog_idle_4.ogg 6.3 kilobytes
stalker/sound/mobs/mutants/death/pdog_death.ogg 24.6 kilobytes
stalker/sound/mobs/mutants/attack/controller_attack.ogg 25.4 kilobytes
stalker/sound/mobs/mutants/idle/controller_idle_1.ogg 63.7 kilobytes
stalker/sound/mobs/mutants/idle/controller_idle_2.ogg 56.3 kilobytes
stalker/sound/mobs/mutants/death/controller_death.ogg 39.1 kilobytes
stalker/sound/mobs/mutants/attack/controller_tube_prepare.ogg 122.9 kilobytes
stalker/sound/mobs/mutants/attack/controller_whoosh.ogg 22.4 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/psy_amb.ogg 29.9 kilobytes
stalker/sound/detector/detector_draw.ogg 8.6 kilobytes
stalker/sound/detector/detector_draw.ogg 8.6 kilobytes
stalker/sound/detector/contact_1.ogg 4.8 kilobytes
stalker/sound/inv_repair_spray_oil.ogg 74.7 kilobytes
stalker/sound/inv_repair_spray_oil.ogg 74.7 kilobytes
stalker/sound/inv_repair_spray_oil.ogg 74.7 kilobytes

stalker/sound/objects/internal_slot_toggle.ogg 133.7 kilobytes
stalker/sound/nv_off.ogg 5.2 kilobytes
stalker/sound/nv_start.ogg 13.5 kilobytes
stalker/sound/nv_off.ogg 5.2 kilobytes
stalker/sound/weapons/pm_shot.ogg 11.1 kilobytes
stalker/sound/weapons/draw/pm_draw.ogg 11.4 kilobytes
stalker/sound/weapons/load/pm_load.ogg 9.2 kilobytes
stalker/sound/weapons/unload/pm_open.ogg 5.5 kilobytes
stalker/sound/weapons/tt33_shot.ogg 9.8 kilobytes
stalker/sound/weapons/draw/pm_draw.ogg 11.4 kilobytes
stalker/sound/weapons/load/pm_load.ogg 9.2 kilobytes
stalker/sound/weapons/unload/pm_open.ogg 5.5 kilobytes
stalker/sound/weapons/sig220_shot.ogg 9.4 kilobytes
stalker/sound/weapons/draw/sig220_draw.ogg 14.2 kilobytes
stalker/sound/weapons/load/pm_load.ogg 9.2 kilobytes
stalker/sound/weapons/unload/pm_open.ogg 5.5 kilobytes
stalker/sound/weapons/colt1911_shot.ogg 8.5 kilobytes
stalker/sound/weapons/draw/pm_draw.ogg 11.4 kilobytes
stalker/sound/weapons/load/pm_load.ogg 9.2 kilobytes
stalker/sound/weapons/unload/pm_open.ogg 5.5 kilobytes
stalker/sound/weapons/marta_shot.ogg 8.8 kilobytes
stalker/sound/weapons/draw/pm_draw.ogg 11.4 kilobytes
stalker/sound/weapons/load/pm_load.ogg 9.2 kilobytes
stalker/sound/weapons/unload/pm_open.ogg 5.5 kilobytes
stalker/sound/weapons/fort_shot.ogg 9.5 kilobytes
stalker/sound/weapons/draw/fort_draw.ogg 16.1 kilobytes
stalker/sound/weapons/load/pm_load.ogg 9.2 kilobytes
stalker/sound/weapons/unload/pm_open.ogg 5.5 kilobytes
stalker/sound/weapons/pb_shot.ogg 5.5 kilobytes
stalker/sound/weapons/draw/pm_draw.ogg 11.4 kilobytes
stalker/sound/weapons/load/pm_load.ogg 9.2 kilobytes
stalker/sound/weapons/unload/pm_open.ogg 5.5 kilobytes
stalker/sound/weapons/draw/usp_draw.ogg 12.6 kilobytes
stalker/sound/weapons/load/pm_load.ogg 9.2 kilobytes
stalker/sound/weapons/unload/pm_open.ogg 5.5 kilobytes
stalker/sound/weapons/desert_shot.ogg 20.7 kilobytes
stalker/sound/weapons/draw/usp_draw.ogg 12.6 kilobytes
stalker/sound/weapons/load/pm_load.ogg 9.2 kilobytes
stalker/sound/weapons/unload/pm_open.ogg 5.5 kilobytes
stalker/sound/weapons/desert_shot.ogg 20.7 kilobytes
stalker/sound/weapons/draw/usp_draw.ogg 12.6 kilobytes
stalker/sound/weapons/load/obrez_load.ogg 9.1 kilobytes
stalker/sound/weapons/unload/obrez_open.ogg 12.9 kilobytes
stalker/sound/weapons/ak74_shot.ogg 14.5 kilobytes
stalker/sound/weapons/draw/ak74_draw.ogg 22.1 kilobytes
stalker/sound/weapons/ak74u_shot.ogg 12.9 kilobytes
stalker/sound/weapons/draw/ak74u_draw.ogg 22.1 kilobytes
stalker/sound/weapons/mp5_shot.ogg 11.8 kilobytes
stalker/sound/weapons/draw/mp5_draw.ogg 13.3 kilobytes
stalker/sound/weapons/load/mp5_load.ogg 6.9 kilobytes
stalker/sound/weapons/unload/mp5_open.ogg 6.2 kilobytes
stalker/sound/weapons/fort_shot.ogg 9.5 kilobytes
stalker/sound/weapons/draw/mp5_draw.ogg 13.3 kilobytes
stalker/sound/weapons/load/mp5_load.ogg 6.9 kilobytes
stalker/sound/weapons/unload/mp5_open.ogg 6.2 kilobytes
stalker/sound/weapons/ppsh_shot.ogg 9.0 kilobytes
stalker/sound/weapons/draw/mp5_draw.ogg 13.3 kilobytes
stalker/sound/weapons/load/mp5_load.ogg 6.9 kilobytes
stalker/sound/weapons/unload/mp5_open.ogg 6.2 kilobytes
stalker/sound/weapons/berettam38_shot.ogg 8.4 kilobytes
stalker/sound/weapons/draw/mp5_draw.ogg 13.3 kilobytes
stalker/sound/weapons/load/berettam38_load.ogg 9.5 kilobytes
stalker/sound/weapons/unload/berettam38_open.ogg 6.3 kilobytes
stalker/sound/weapons/tpc301_shoot.ogg 18.2 kilobytes
stalker/sound/weapons/draw/tpc301_draw.ogg 10.1 kilobytes
stalker/sound/weapons/load/tpc301_load.ogg 8.8 kilobytes
stalker/sound/weapons/unload/tpc301_open.ogg 6.8 kilobytes
stalker/sound/weapons/abakan_shoot.ogg 22.5 kilobytes
stalker/sound/weapons/draw/abakan_draw.ogg 13.1 kilobytes
stalker/sound/weapons/load/abakan_load.ogg 6.6 kilobytes
stalker/sound/weapons/unload/abakan_open.ogg 10.8 kilobytes
stalker/sound/weapons/il86_shoot.ogg 25.5 kilobytes
stalker/sound/weapons/draw/l85_draw.ogg 17.7 kilobytes
stalker/sound/weapons/load/groza_load.ogg 10.1 kilobytes
stalker/sound/weapons/unload/groza_open.ogg 9.2 kilobytes
stalker/sound/weapons/sigsg550_shoot.ogg 28.4 kilobytes
stalker/sound/weapons/draw/fnf2000_draw.ogg 17.4 kilobytes
stalker/sound/weapons/load/fnf2000_load.ogg 11.1 kilobytes
stalker/sound/weapons/unload/fnf2000_open.ogg 9.8 kilobytes
stalker/sound/weapons/il86_shoot.ogg 25.5 kilobytes
stalker/sound/weapons/draw/l85_draw.ogg 17.7 kilobytes
stalker/sound/weapons/load/groza_load.ogg 10.1 kilobytes
stalker/sound/weapons/unload/groza_open.ogg 9.2 kilobytes
stalker/sound/weapons/fnf2000_shoot.ogg 29.9 kilobytes
stalker/sound/weapons/draw/fnf2000_draw.ogg 17.4 kilobytes
stalker/sound/weapons/load/fnf2000_load.ogg 11.1 kilobytes
stalker/sound/weapons/unload/fnf2000_open.ogg 9.8 kilobytes
stalker/sound/weapons/fnf2000_shoot.ogg 29.9 kilobytes
stalker/sound/weapons/draw/fnf2000_draw.ogg 17.4 kilobytes
stalker/sound/weapons/load/fnf2000_load.ogg 11.1 kilobytes
stalker/sound/weapons/unload/fnf2000_open.ogg 9.8 kilobytes
stalker/sound/weapons/pkm_shot.ogg 28.8 kilobytes
stalker/sound/weapons/vintorez_shot.ogg 6.5 kilobytes
stalker/sound/weapons/draw/val_draw.ogg 12.9 kilobytes
stalker/sound/weapons/load/val_load.ogg 6.1 kilobytes
stalker/sound/weapons/unload/val_open.ogg 7.7 kilobytes
stalker/sound/weapons/vintorez_shot.ogg 6.5 kilobytes
stalker/sound/weapons/draw/val_draw.ogg 12.9 kilobytes
stalker/sound/weapons/load/val_load.ogg 6.1 kilobytes
stalker/sound/weapons/unload/val_open.ogg 7.7 kilobytes
stalker/sound/weapons/groza_shot.ogg 18.7 kilobytes
stalker/sound/weapons/draw/groza_draw.ogg 11.0 kilobytes
stalker/sound/weapons/load/groza_load.ogg 10.1 kilobytes
stalker/sound/weapons/unload/groza_open.ogg 9.2 kilobytes
stalker/sound/weapons/bm16_shot.ogg 28.4 kilobytes
stalker/sound/weapons/load/obrez_load.ogg 9.1 kilobytes
stalker/sound/weapons/unload/obrez_open.ogg 12.9 kilobytes
stalker/sound/weapons/draw/shotgun_draw.ogg 19.9 kilobytes
stalker/sound/weapons/winchester1300_shot.ogg 77.7 kilobytes
stalker/sound/weapons/load/chaser_load.ogg 27.5 kilobytes
stalker/sound/weapons/pump/ithacam37_pump.ogg 26.2 kilobytes
stalker/sound/weapons/draw/shotgun_draw.ogg 19.9 kilobytes
stalker/sound/weapons/winchester1300_shot.ogg 77.7 kilobytes
stalker/sound/weapons/load/chaser_load.ogg 27.5 kilobytes
stalker/sound/weapons/pump/chaser_pump.ogg 29.2 kilobytes
stalker/sound/weapons/draw/shotgun_draw.ogg 19.9 kilobytes
stalker/sound/weapons/spsa_shot.ogg 14.8 kilobytes
stalker/sound/weapons/load/spsa_load.ogg 13.1 kilobytes
stalker/sound/weapons/pump/spsa_pump.ogg 18.1 kilobytes
stalker/sound/weapons/draw/shotgun_draw.ogg 19.9 kilobytes
stalker/sound/weapons/enfield_shot.ogg 44.1 kilobytes
stalker/sound/weapons/load/bolt_load.ogg 8.1 kilobytes
stalker/sound/weapons/draw/shotgun_draw.ogg 19.9 kilobytes
stalker/sound/turntable/chetire_pozigii_bruno_ya_ehala_domoy.ogg 2.4 megabytes
stalker/sound/turntable/5nizza_ya_soldat.ogg 1.7 megabytes
stalker/sound/turntable/semb_molodie_vetra.ogg 2.3 megabytes
stalker/sound/turntable/gurza_dreaming.ogg 1.9 megabytes
stalker/sound/turntable/afganistan_pil_glotayu.ogg 2.6 megabytes
stalker/sound/turntable/agata_kristi_na_voine.ogg 1.9 megabytes
stalker/sound/turntable/murka.ogg 2.8 megabytes
stalker/sound/turntable/alai_oli_krilya.ogg 1.9 megabytes
stalker/sound/turntable/ariya_bespechniy_angel.ogg 2.1 megabytes
stalker/sound/turntable/ariya_poteryaniy_ray.ogg 3.1 megabytes
stalker/sound/turntable/ariya_ya_svoboden.ogg 2.8 megabytes
stalker/sound/turntable/bandit_radio.ogg 839.4 kilobytes
stalker/sound/turntable/basta_mama.ogg 2.1 megabytes
stalker/sound/turntable/bi2_polkovnik.ogg 2.6 megabytes
stalker/sound/turntable/bi2_serebro.ogg 2.4 megabytes
stalker/sound/turntable/bi2_varvara.ogg 2.7 megabytes
stalker/sound/turntable/butirka.ogg 1.7 megabytes
stalker/sound/turntable/2000_baksov.ogg 2.1 megabytes
stalker/sound/turntable/ddt_osen.ogg 2.1 megabytes
stalker/sound/turntable/delfin_nadezhda.ogg 2.2 megabytes
stalker/sound/turntable/delfin_sneg.ogg 1.6 megabytes
stalker/sound/turntable/delfin_vesna.ogg 2.7 megabytes
stalker/sound/turntable/delfin_ya_lublu_ludey.ogg 2.0 megabytes
stalker/sound/turntable/elektroforez_eshafot.ogg 1.9 megabytes
stalker/sound/turntable/elizium_stoit_zhit.ogg 1.6 megabytes
stalker/sound/turntable/fleetwood_mac_little_lies.ogg 2.0 megabytes
stalker/sound/turntable/agroprom.ogg 551.7 kilobytes
stalker/sound/turntable/dirge_for_the_planet.ogg 2.2 megabytes
stalker/sound/turntable/live_to_forget.ogg 2.3 megabytes
stalker/sound/turntable/freedom_radio.ogg 826.3 kilobytes
stalker/sound/turntable/putana.ogg 2.3 megabytes
stalker/sound/turntable/kolshik.ogg 2.6 megabytes
stalker/sound/turntable/kino_gruppa_krovi.ogg 1.6 megabytes
stalker/sound/turntable/kino_pachka_sigaret.ogg 2.1 megabytes
stalker/sound/turntable/kino_zvezda_po_imeni_solntse.ogg 2.0 megabytes
stalker/sound/turntable/korol_i_shut_kukila_kolduna.ogg 1.9 megabytes
stalker/sound/turntable/korol_i_shut_lesnik.ogg 1.7 megabytes
stalker/sound/turntable/kraski_ya_polubila_bandita.ogg 1.9 megabytes
stalker/sound/turntable/krovostok_kurtec.ogg 2.3 megabytes
stalker/sound/turntable/rumka.ogg 1.9 megabytes
stalker/sound/turntable/leprikonsy_paratruper.ogg 1.7 megabytes
stalker/sound/turntable/lumen_sid_i_nensi.ogg 2.1 megabytes
stalker/sound/turntable/malchishnik_posledniy_raz.ogg 3.1 megabytes
stalker/sound/turntable/mnogotochie_shemit.ogg 2.1 megabytes
stalker/sound/turntable/monokini_adrenalin.ogg 1.9 megabytes
stalker/sound/turntable/monokini_dotyanutsya_do_solntsa.ogg 1.3 megabytes
stalker/sound/turntable/mucuraev_o_allah.ogg 2.8 megabytes
stalker/sound/turntable/mumiy_troll_delfiny.ogg 2.6 megabytes
stalker/sound/turntable/mumiy_troll_utekay.ogg 1.2 megabytes
stalker/sound/turntable/mumiy_troll_vladivostok2000.ogg 1.4 megabytes
stalker/sound/turntable/nautilus_pompilius_apostol_andrey.ogg 1.7 megabytes
stalker/sound/turntable/nautilus_pompilius_krylya.ogg 1.6 megabytes
stalker/sound/turntable/nautilus_pompilius_skovanye.ogg 2.0 megabytes
stalker/sound/turntable/nautilus_pompilius_ya_hochu_byt_s_toboy.ogg 2.2 megabytes
stalker/sound/turntable/tf2_kazotsky_kic.ogg 635.7 kilobytes
stalker/sound/turntable/noggano_armiya.ogg 3.3 megabytes
stalker/sound/turntable/okean_elzi_obime.ogg 1.9 megabytes
stalker/sound/turntable/okean_elzi_vidpusti.ogg 2.1 megabytes
stalker/sound/turntable/phil_collins_in_the_air_tonight.ogg 2.8 megabytes
stalker/sound/turntable/propaganda_belim_melom.ogg 1.4 megabytes
stalker/sound/turntable/ranetki_o_tebe.ogg 1.4 megabytes
stalker/sound/turntable/ranetki_ona_odna.ogg 1.4 megabytes
stalker/sound/turntable/rick_astley_nggyu.ogg 1.9 megabytes
stalker/sound/turntable/gopstop.ogg 2.2 megabytes
stalker/sound/turntable/shnurov_mobilnik.ogg 1.5 megabytes
stalker/sound/turntable/shnurov_morikone.ogg 1.9 megabytes
stalker/sound/turntable/splin_mi_sideli_i_kurili.ogg 1.8 megabytes
stalker/sound/turntable/splin_moe_serdce.ogg 2.1 megabytes
stalker/sound/turntable/splin_romans.ogg 1.9 megabytes
stalker/sound/turntable/splin_vihoda_net.ogg 1.1 megabytes
stalker/sound/turntable/steklovata_noviy_god.ogg 2.1 megabytes
stalker/sound/turntable/total_byet_po_glazam_adrenalin.ogg 2.3 megabytes
stalker/sound/turntable/trubetskoy_kapital.ogg 1.5 megabytes
stalker/sound/turntable/xsproject_kolotushki.ogg 1.6 megabytes
stalker/sound/turntable/zemfira_hochesh.ogg 1.7 megabytes
stalker/sound/turntable/zhuki_batareyka.ogg 1.9 megabytes
stalker/sound/turntable/zemlyane_zemlya_v_illuminatore.ogg 1.9 megabytes
stalker/sound/objects/radio_noise.ogg 55.4 kilobytes
stalker/sound/pda/sms.ogg 11.3 kilobytes
stalker/sound/pda/sms.ogg 11.3 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/rnd_outdoor/rnd_bird_1.ogg 25.4 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/rnd_outdoor/rnd_bird_2.ogg 30.3 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/rnd_outdoor/rnd_bird_3.ogg 23.5 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/rnd_outdoor/rnd_bird_4.ogg 27.2 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/rnd_outdoor/rnd_bird_5.ogg 38.4 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/rnd_outdoor/rnd_bird_6.ogg 32.2 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/rnd_outdoor/rnd_bird_7.ogg 240.4 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/rnd_outdoor/rnd_bird_8.ogg 186.2 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/rnd_outdoor/rnd_bird_9.ogg 201.2 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/rnd_outdoor/rnd_bird_10.ogg 38.5 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/rnd_outdoor/rnd_bird_11.ogg 36.2 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/rnd_outdoor/rnd_dog1.ogg 3.5 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/rnd_outdoor/rnd_dog2.ogg 14.9 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/rnd_outdoor/rnd_dog3.ogg 46.8 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/rnd_outdoor/rnd_dog4.ogg 28.7 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/rnd_outdoor/rnd_dog5.ogg 312.1 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/rnd_outdoor/rnd_dog6.ogg 298.8 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/rnd_outdoor/rnd_dog7.ogg 78.7 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/rnd_outdoor/rnd_dog8.ogg 91.9 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/rnd_outdoor/rnd_dog9.ogg 53.1 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/rnd_outdoor/rnd_dog10.ogg 450.1 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/rnd_outdoor/rnd_crow_1.ogg 3.5 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/rnd_outdoor/rnd_crow_2.ogg 50.0 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/rnd_outdoor/rnd_crow_3.ogg 3.5 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/rnd_outdoor/rnd_crow_4.ogg 19.1 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/rnd_outdoor/rnd_crow_5.ogg 22.8 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/rnd_outdoor/rnd_crow_6.ogg 14.8 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/rnd_outdoor/rnd_crow_7.ogg 23.6 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/rnd_outdoor/rnd_crow_8.ogg 13.7 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/rnd_outdoor/rnd_crow_9.ogg 13.4 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/rnd_outdoor/rnd_crow_10.ogg 32.9 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/rnd_outdoor/rnd_crow_11.ogg 10.5 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/rnd_outdoor/rnd_crow_12.ogg 10.9 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/rnd_outdoor/ambient_wind_1.ogg 47.0 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/rnd_outdoor/ambient_wind_2.ogg 114.3 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/rnd_outdoor/ambient_wind_3.ogg 53.1 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/rnd_outdoor/ambient_wind_4.ogg 99.4 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/rnd_outdoor/rnd_insect_8.ogg 109.4 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/rnd_outdoor_night/rnd_moan.ogg 20.2 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/rnd_outdoor_night/rnd_moan2.ogg 15.8 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/rnd_outdoor_night/rnd_moan3.ogg 25.7 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/rnd_outdoor_night/rnd_moan4.ogg 19.2 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/rnd_outdoor_night/rnd_moan5.ogg 37.6 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/rnd_outdoor_night/rnd_moan6.ogg 15.4 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/rnd_outdoor_night/ambient_night_1.ogg 3.5 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/rnd_outdoor_night/ambient_night_2.ogg 31.8 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/rnd_outdoor_night/ambient_night_3.ogg 32.6 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/rnd_outdoor_night/ambient_night_4.ogg 3.5 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/rnd_outdoor_night/ambient_night_5.ogg 133.5 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/rnd_outdoor_night/ambient_night_6.ogg 91.8 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/rnd_outdoor_night/ambient_night_7.ogg 37.4 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/rnd_outdoor_night/ambient_night_8.ogg 22.9 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/rnd_outdoor_night/ambient_night_9.ogg 22.2 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/rnd_outdoor_night/ambient_night_10.ogg 3.5 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/rnd_outdoor_night/wolf_howl_01.ogg 89.1 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/rnd_outdoor_night/wolf_howl_02.ogg 77.0 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/rnd_outdoor_night/wolf_howl_03.ogg 74.6 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/rnd_outdoor_night/wolf_howl_04.ogg 92.6 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/rnd_outdoor_night/zat_bkg_tuman.ogg 210.1 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/rnd_outdoor_night/ambient_night_11.ogg 387.0 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/rnd_outdoor/rnd_insect_5.ogg 235.9 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/sidor_music2.ogg 334.4 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/sidor_music2.ogg 334.4 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/sidor_music2.ogg 334.4 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/sidor_music2.ogg 334.4 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/sidor_music.ogg 325.6 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/sidor_music2.ogg 334.4 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/ugrnd/howled_4.ogg 58.0 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/ugrnd/howled_4.ogg 58.0 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/ugrnd/howled_4.ogg 58.0 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/ugrnd/howled_4.ogg 58.0 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/ugrnd/rnd_ugrnd_amb_1.ogg 26.0 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/ugrnd/rnd_ugrnd_amb_2.ogg 37.6 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/ugrnd/rnd_ugrnd_amb_3.ogg 18.2 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/ugrnd/rnd_ugrnd_amb_4.ogg 34.2 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/ugrnd/rnd_ugrnd_amb_5.ogg 41.7 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/ugrnd/rnd_ugrnd_amb_6.ogg 54.8 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/ugrnd/ugrnd_ambient_1.ogg 39.9 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/ugrnd/ugrnd_ambient_2.ogg 64.1 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/ugrnd/ugrnd_ambient_3.ogg 87.0 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/ugrnd/ugrnd_ambient_4.ogg 50.8 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/ugrnd/ugrnd_ambient_5.ogg 79.6 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/ugrnd/ugrnd_ambient_6.ogg 62.6 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/ugrnd/ugrnd_ambient_7.ogg 91.7 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/ugrnd/ugrnd_ambient_banging_1.ogg 103.7 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/ugrnd/ugrnd_ambient_banging_2.ogg 32.3 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/ugrnd/ugrnd_ambient_banging_3.ogg 19.6 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/ugrnd/ugrnd_ambient_banging_4.ogg 54.5 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/ugrnd/ugrnd_ambient_banging_5.ogg 39.9 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/ugrnd/ugrnd_ambient_banging_6.ogg 34.1 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/ugrnd/ugrnd_ambient_banging_7.ogg 34.6 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/ugrnd/ugrnd_ambient_machine_1.ogg 102.7 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/ugrnd/ugrnd_ambient_machine_2.ogg 91.3 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/ugrnd/ugrnd_ambient_machine_3.ogg 52.8 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/ugrnd/ugrnd_ambient_machine_4.ogg 62.7 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/ugrnd/ugrnd_ambient_machine_5.ogg 84.0 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/ugrnd/ugrnd_drip_1.ogg 11.4 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/ugrnd/ugrnd_drip_2.ogg 10.3 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/ugrnd/ugrnd_drip_3.ogg 11.9 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/ugrnd/ugrnd_drip_4.ogg 12.0 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/ugrnd/ugrnd_drip_5.ogg 9.8 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/ugrnd/ugrnd_drip_6.ogg 14.4 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/ugrnd/ugrnd_drip_7.ogg 11.0 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/ugrnd/ugrnd_drip_8.ogg 10.6 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/ugrnd/ugrnd_drip_9.ogg 11.4 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/ugrnd/ugrnd_drip_10.ogg 10.5 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/ugrnd/ugrnd_drip_11.ogg 13.2 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/ugrnd/ugrnd_drone_1.ogg 44.1 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/ugrnd/ugrnd_drone_2.ogg 39.6 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/ugrnd/ugrnd_drone_3.ogg 32.7 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/ugrnd/ugrnd_drone_4.ogg 46.8 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/ugrnd/ugrnd_lab_1.ogg 43.2 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/ugrnd/ugrnd_lab_2.ogg 29.5 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/ugrnd/ugrnd_lab_3.ogg 35.5 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/ugrnd/ugrnd_lab_4.ogg 40.1 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/ugrnd/ugrnd_lab_5.ogg 56.1 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/ugrnd/ugrnd_lab_6.ogg 71.5 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/ugrnd/ugrnd_metal_1.ogg 30.8 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/ugrnd/ugrnd_metal_2.ogg 28.9 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/ugrnd/ugrnd_metal_3.ogg 30.1 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/ugrnd/ugrnd_metal_4.ogg 29.7 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/ugrnd/ugrnd_metal_5.ogg 28.2 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/ugrnd/ugrnd_metal_6.ogg 20.8 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/ugrnd/ugrnd_metal_7.ogg 24.6 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/ugrnd/ugrnd_noise_1.ogg 39.0 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/ugrnd/ugrnd_noise_2.ogg 32.9 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/ugrnd/ugrnd_noise_3.ogg 38.8 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/ugrnd/ugrnd_noise_4.ogg 24.4 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/ugrnd/ugrnd_noise_5.ogg 19.5 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/ugrnd/ugrnd_noise_6.ogg 20.5 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/ugrnd/ugrnd_noise_7.ogg 21.7 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/ugrnd/ugrnd_noise_8.ogg 22.1 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/ugrnd/ugrnd_noise_9.ogg 23.1 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/ugrnd/ugrnd_noise_10.ogg 20.9 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/ugrnd/ugrnd_noise_11.ogg 20.0 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/ugrnd/ugrnd_noise_12.ogg 31.8 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/ugrnd/ugrnd_whispers_1.ogg 286.1 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/ugrnd/ugrnd_whispers_2.ogg 167.0 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/ugrnd/ugrnd_whispers_3.ogg 73.6 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/ugrnd/ugrnd_whispers_4.ogg 61.0 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/ugrnd/howled_4.ogg 58.0 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/ugrnd/howled_4.ogg 58.0 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/ugrnd/howled_4.ogg 58.0 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/ugrnd/howled_4.ogg 58.0 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/ugrnd/rnd_ugrnd_amb_1.ogg 26.0 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/ugrnd/rnd_ugrnd_amb_2.ogg 37.6 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/ugrnd/rnd_ugrnd_amb_3.ogg 18.2 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/ugrnd/rnd_ugrnd_amb_4.ogg 34.2 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/ugrnd/rnd_ugrnd_amb_5.ogg 41.7 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/ugrnd/rnd_ugrnd_amb_6.ogg 54.8 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/ugrnd/ugrnd_ambient_1.ogg 39.9 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/ugrnd/ugrnd_ambient_2.ogg 64.1 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/ugrnd/ugrnd_ambient_3.ogg 87.0 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/ugrnd/ugrnd_ambient_4.ogg 50.8 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/ugrnd/ugrnd_ambient_5.ogg 79.6 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/ugrnd/ugrnd_ambient_6.ogg 62.6 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/ugrnd/ugrnd_ambient_7.ogg 91.7 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/ugrnd/ugrnd_ambient_banging_1.ogg 103.7 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/ugrnd/ugrnd_ambient_banging_2.ogg 32.3 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/ugrnd/ugrnd_ambient_banging_3.ogg 19.6 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/ugrnd/ugrnd_ambient_banging_4.ogg 54.5 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/ugrnd/ugrnd_ambient_banging_5.ogg 39.9 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/ugrnd/ugrnd_ambient_banging_6.ogg 34.1 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/ugrnd/ugrnd_ambient_banging_7.ogg 34.6 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/ugrnd/ugrnd_ambient_machine_1.ogg 102.7 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/ugrnd/ugrnd_ambient_machine_2.ogg 91.3 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/ugrnd/ugrnd_ambient_machine_3.ogg 52.8 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/ugrnd/ugrnd_ambient_machine_4.ogg 62.7 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/ugrnd/ugrnd_ambient_machine_5.ogg 84.0 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/ugrnd/ugrnd_drip_1.ogg 11.4 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/ugrnd/ugrnd_drip_2.ogg 10.3 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/ugrnd/ugrnd_drip_3.ogg 11.9 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/ugrnd/ugrnd_drip_4.ogg 12.0 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/ugrnd/ugrnd_drip_5.ogg 9.8 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/ugrnd/ugrnd_drip_6.ogg 14.4 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/ugrnd/ugrnd_drip_7.ogg 11.0 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/ugrnd/ugrnd_drip_8.ogg 10.6 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/ugrnd/ugrnd_drip_9.ogg 11.4 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/ugrnd/ugrnd_drip_10.ogg 10.5 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/ugrnd/ugrnd_drip_11.ogg 13.2 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/ugrnd/ugrnd_drone_1.ogg 44.1 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/ugrnd/ugrnd_drone_2.ogg 39.6 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/ugrnd/ugrnd_drone_3.ogg 32.7 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/ugrnd/ugrnd_drone_4.ogg 46.8 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/ugrnd/ugrnd_lab_1.ogg 43.2 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/ugrnd/ugrnd_lab_2.ogg 29.5 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/ugrnd/ugrnd_lab_3.ogg 35.5 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/ugrnd/ugrnd_lab_4.ogg 40.1 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/ugrnd/ugrnd_lab_5.ogg 56.1 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/ugrnd/ugrnd_lab_6.ogg 71.5 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/ugrnd/ugrnd_metal_1.ogg 30.8 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/ugrnd/ugrnd_metal_2.ogg 28.9 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/ugrnd/ugrnd_metal_3.ogg 30.1 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/ugrnd/ugrnd_metal_4.ogg 29.7 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/ugrnd/ugrnd_metal_5.ogg 28.2 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/ugrnd/ugrnd_metal_6.ogg 20.8 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/ugrnd/ugrnd_metal_7.ogg 24.6 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/ugrnd/ugrnd_noise_1.ogg 39.0 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/ugrnd/ugrnd_noise_2.ogg 32.9 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/ugrnd/ugrnd_noise_3.ogg 38.8 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/ugrnd/ugrnd_noise_4.ogg 24.4 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/ugrnd/ugrnd_noise_5.ogg 19.5 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/ugrnd/ugrnd_noise_6.ogg 20.5 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/ugrnd/ugrnd_noise_7.ogg 21.7 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/ugrnd/ugrnd_noise_8.ogg 22.1 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/ugrnd/ugrnd_noise_9.ogg 23.1 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/ugrnd/ugrnd_noise_10.ogg 20.9 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/ugrnd/ugrnd_noise_11.ogg 20.0 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/ugrnd/ugrnd_noise_12.ogg 31.8 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/ugrnd/ugrnd_whispers_1.ogg 286.1 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/ugrnd/ugrnd_whispers_2.ogg 167.0 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/ugrnd/ugrnd_whispers_3.ogg 73.6 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/ugrnd/ugrnd_whispers_4.ogg 61.0 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/ugrnd/howled_4.ogg 58.0 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/ugrnd/howled_4.ogg 58.0 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/ugrnd/howled_4.ogg 58.0 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/ugrnd/howled_4.ogg 58.0 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/ugrnd/rnd_ugrnd_amb_1.ogg 26.0 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/ugrnd/rnd_ugrnd_amb_2.ogg 37.6 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/ugrnd/rnd_ugrnd_amb_3.ogg 18.2 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/ugrnd/rnd_ugrnd_amb_4.ogg 34.2 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/ugrnd/rnd_ugrnd_amb_5.ogg 41.7 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/ugrnd/rnd_ugrnd_amb_6.ogg 54.8 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/ugrnd/ugrnd_ambient_1.ogg 39.9 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/ugrnd/ugrnd_ambient_2.ogg 64.1 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/ugrnd/ugrnd_ambient_3.ogg 87.0 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/ugrnd/ugrnd_ambient_4.ogg 50.8 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/ugrnd/ugrnd_ambient_5.ogg 79.6 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/ugrnd/ugrnd_ambient_6.ogg 62.6 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/ugrnd/ugrnd_ambient_7.ogg 91.7 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/ugrnd/ugrnd_ambient_banging_1.ogg 103.7 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/ugrnd/ugrnd_ambient_banging_2.ogg 32.3 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/ugrnd/ugrnd_ambient_banging_3.ogg 19.6 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/ugrnd/ugrnd_ambient_banging_4.ogg 54.5 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/ugrnd/ugrnd_ambient_banging_5.ogg 39.9 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/ugrnd/ugrnd_ambient_banging_6.ogg 34.1 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/ugrnd/ugrnd_ambient_banging_7.ogg 34.6 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/ugrnd/ugrnd_ambient_machine_1.ogg 102.7 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/ugrnd/ugrnd_ambient_machine_2.ogg 91.3 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/ugrnd/ugrnd_ambient_machine_3.ogg 52.8 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/ugrnd/ugrnd_ambient_machine_4.ogg 62.7 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/ugrnd/ugrnd_ambient_machine_5.ogg 84.0 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/ugrnd/ugrnd_drip_1.ogg 11.4 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/ugrnd/ugrnd_drip_2.ogg 10.3 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/ugrnd/ugrnd_drip_3.ogg 11.9 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/ugrnd/ugrnd_drip_4.ogg 12.0 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/ugrnd/ugrnd_drip_5.ogg 9.8 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/ugrnd/ugrnd_drip_6.ogg 14.4 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/ugrnd/ugrnd_drip_7.ogg 11.0 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/ugrnd/ugrnd_drip_8.ogg 10.6 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/ugrnd/ugrnd_drip_9.ogg 11.4 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/ugrnd/ugrnd_drip_10.ogg 10.5 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/ugrnd/ugrnd_drip_11.ogg 13.2 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/ugrnd/ugrnd_drone_1.ogg 44.1 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/ugrnd/ugrnd_drone_2.ogg 39.6 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/ugrnd/ugrnd_drone_3.ogg 32.7 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/ugrnd/ugrnd_drone_4.ogg 46.8 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/ugrnd/ugrnd_lab_1.ogg 43.2 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/ugrnd/ugrnd_lab_2.ogg 29.5 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/ugrnd/ugrnd_lab_3.ogg 35.5 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/ugrnd/ugrnd_lab_4.ogg 40.1 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/ugrnd/ugrnd_lab_5.ogg 56.1 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/ugrnd/ugrnd_lab_6.ogg 71.5 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/ugrnd/ugrnd_metal_1.ogg 30.8 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/ugrnd/ugrnd_metal_2.ogg 28.9 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/ugrnd/ugrnd_metal_3.ogg 30.1 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/ugrnd/ugrnd_metal_4.ogg 29.7 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/ugrnd/ugrnd_metal_5.ogg 28.2 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/ugrnd/ugrnd_metal_6.ogg 20.8 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/ugrnd/ugrnd_metal_7.ogg 24.6 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/ugrnd/ugrnd_noise_1.ogg 39.0 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/ugrnd/ugrnd_noise_2.ogg 32.9 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/ugrnd/ugrnd_noise_3.ogg 38.8 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/ugrnd/ugrnd_noise_4.ogg 24.4 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/ugrnd/ugrnd_noise_5.ogg 19.5 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/ugrnd/ugrnd_noise_6.ogg 20.5 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/ugrnd/ugrnd_noise_7.ogg 21.7 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/ugrnd/ugrnd_noise_8.ogg 22.1 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/ugrnd/ugrnd_noise_9.ogg 23.1 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/ugrnd/ugrnd_noise_10.ogg 20.9 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/ugrnd/ugrnd_noise_11.ogg 20.0 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/ugrnd/ugrnd_noise_12.ogg 31.8 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/ugrnd/ugrnd_whispers_1.ogg 286.1 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/ugrnd/ugrnd_whispers_2.ogg 167.0 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/ugrnd/ugrnd_whispers_3.ogg 73.6 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/ugrnd/ugrnd_whispers_4.ogg 61.0 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/ugrnd/rnd_ugrnd_amb_1.ogg 26.0 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/ugrnd/rnd_ugrnd_amb_2.ogg 37.6 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/ugrnd/rnd_ugrnd_amb_3.ogg 18.2 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/ugrnd/rnd_ugrnd_amb_4.ogg 34.2 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/ugrnd/rnd_ugrnd_amb_5.ogg 41.7 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/ugrnd/rnd_ugrnd_amb_6.ogg 54.8 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/ugrnd/ugrnd_ambient_1.ogg 39.9 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/ugrnd/ugrnd_ambient_2.ogg 64.1 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/ugrnd/ugrnd_ambient_3.ogg 87.0 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/ugrnd/ugrnd_ambient_4.ogg 50.8 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/ugrnd/ugrnd_ambient_5.ogg 79.6 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/ugrnd/ugrnd_ambient_6.ogg 62.6 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/ugrnd/ugrnd_ambient_7.ogg 91.7 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/ugrnd/ugrnd_ambient_banging_1.ogg 103.7 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/ugrnd/ugrnd_ambient_banging_2.ogg 32.3 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/ugrnd/ugrnd_ambient_banging_3.ogg 19.6 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/ugrnd/ugrnd_ambient_banging_4.ogg 54.5 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/ugrnd/ugrnd_ambient_banging_5.ogg 39.9 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/ugrnd/ugrnd_ambient_banging_6.ogg 34.1 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/ugrnd/ugrnd_ambient_banging_7.ogg 34.6 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/ugrnd/ugrnd_ambient_machine_1.ogg 102.7 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/ugrnd/ugrnd_ambient_machine_2.ogg 91.3 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/ugrnd/ugrnd_ambient_machine_3.ogg 52.8 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/ugrnd/ugrnd_ambient_machine_4.ogg 62.7 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/ugrnd/ugrnd_ambient_machine_5.ogg 84.0 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/ugrnd/ugrnd_drip_1.ogg 11.4 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/ugrnd/ugrnd_drip_2.ogg 10.3 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/ugrnd/ugrnd_drip_3.ogg 11.9 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/ugrnd/ugrnd_drip_4.ogg 12.0 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/ugrnd/ugrnd_drip_5.ogg 9.8 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/ugrnd/ugrnd_drip_6.ogg 14.4 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/ugrnd/ugrnd_drip_7.ogg 11.0 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/ugrnd/ugrnd_drip_8.ogg 10.6 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/ugrnd/ugrnd_drip_9.ogg 11.4 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/ugrnd/ugrnd_drip_10.ogg 10.5 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/ugrnd/ugrnd_drip_11.ogg 13.2 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/ugrnd/ugrnd_drone_1.ogg 44.1 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/ugrnd/ugrnd_drone_2.ogg 39.6 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/ugrnd/ugrnd_drone_3.ogg 32.7 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/ugrnd/ugrnd_drone_4.ogg 46.8 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/ugrnd/ugrnd_lab_1.ogg 43.2 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/ugrnd/ugrnd_lab_2.ogg 29.5 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/ugrnd/ugrnd_lab_3.ogg 35.5 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/ugrnd/ugrnd_lab_4.ogg 40.1 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/ugrnd/ugrnd_lab_5.ogg 56.1 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/ugrnd/ugrnd_lab_6.ogg 71.5 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/ugrnd/ugrnd_metal_1.ogg 30.8 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/ugrnd/ugrnd_metal_2.ogg 28.9 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/ugrnd/ugrnd_metal_3.ogg 30.1 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/ugrnd/ugrnd_metal_4.ogg 29.7 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/ugrnd/ugrnd_metal_5.ogg 28.2 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/ugrnd/ugrnd_metal_6.ogg 20.8 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/ugrnd/ugrnd_metal_7.ogg 24.6 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/ugrnd/ugrnd_noise_1.ogg 39.0 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/ugrnd/ugrnd_noise_2.ogg 32.9 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/ugrnd/ugrnd_noise_3.ogg 38.8 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/ugrnd/ugrnd_noise_4.ogg 24.4 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/ugrnd/ugrnd_noise_5.ogg 19.5 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/ugrnd/ugrnd_noise_6.ogg 20.5 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/ugrnd/ugrnd_noise_7.ogg 21.7 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/ugrnd/ugrnd_noise_8.ogg 22.1 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/ugrnd/ugrnd_noise_9.ogg 23.1 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/ugrnd/ugrnd_noise_10.ogg 20.9 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/ugrnd/ugrnd_noise_11.ogg 20.0 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/ugrnd/ugrnd_noise_12.ogg 31.8 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/ugrnd/ugrnd_whispers_1.ogg 286.1 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/ugrnd/ugrnd_whispers_2.ogg 167.0 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/ugrnd/ugrnd_whispers_3.ogg 73.6 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/ugrnd/ugrnd_whispers_4.ogg 61.0 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/ugrnd/howled_4.ogg 58.0 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/ugrnd/howled_4.ogg 58.0 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/ugrnd/howled_4.ogg 58.0 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/ugrnd/howled_4.ogg 58.0 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/ugrnd/rnd_ugrnd_amb_1.ogg 26.0 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/ugrnd/rnd_ugrnd_amb_2.ogg 37.6 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/ugrnd/rnd_ugrnd_amb_3.ogg 18.2 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/ugrnd/rnd_ugrnd_amb_4.ogg 34.2 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/ugrnd/rnd_ugrnd_amb_5.ogg 41.7 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/ugrnd/rnd_ugrnd_amb_6.ogg 54.8 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/ugrnd/ugrnd_ambient_1.ogg 39.9 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/ugrnd/ugrnd_ambient_2.ogg 64.1 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/ugrnd/ugrnd_ambient_3.ogg 87.0 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/ugrnd/ugrnd_ambient_4.ogg 50.8 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/ugrnd/ugrnd_ambient_5.ogg 79.6 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/ugrnd/ugrnd_ambient_6.ogg 62.6 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/ugrnd/ugrnd_ambient_7.ogg 91.7 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/ugrnd/ugrnd_ambient_banging_1.ogg 103.7 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/ugrnd/ugrnd_ambient_banging_2.ogg 32.3 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/ugrnd/ugrnd_ambient_banging_3.ogg 19.6 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/ugrnd/ugrnd_ambient_banging_4.ogg 54.5 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/ugrnd/ugrnd_ambient_banging_5.ogg 39.9 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/ugrnd/ugrnd_ambient_banging_6.ogg 34.1 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/ugrnd/ugrnd_ambient_banging_7.ogg 34.6 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/ugrnd/ugrnd_ambient_machine_1.ogg 102.7 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/ugrnd/ugrnd_ambient_machine_2.ogg 91.3 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/ugrnd/ugrnd_ambient_machine_3.ogg 52.8 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/ugrnd/ugrnd_ambient_machine_4.ogg 62.7 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/ugrnd/ugrnd_ambient_machine_5.ogg 84.0 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/ugrnd/ugrnd_drip_1.ogg 11.4 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/ugrnd/ugrnd_drip_2.ogg 10.3 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/ugrnd/ugrnd_drip_3.ogg 11.9 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/ugrnd/ugrnd_drip_4.ogg 12.0 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/ugrnd/ugrnd_drip_5.ogg 9.8 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/ugrnd/ugrnd_drip_6.ogg 14.4 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/ugrnd/ugrnd_drip_7.ogg 11.0 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/ugrnd/ugrnd_drip_8.ogg 10.6 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/ugrnd/ugrnd_drip_9.ogg 11.4 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/ugrnd/ugrnd_drip_10.ogg 10.5 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/ugrnd/ugrnd_drip_11.ogg 13.2 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/ugrnd/ugrnd_drone_1.ogg 44.1 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/ugrnd/ugrnd_drone_2.ogg 39.6 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/ugrnd/ugrnd_drone_3.ogg 32.7 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/ugrnd/ugrnd_drone_4.ogg 46.8 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/ugrnd/ugrnd_lab_1.ogg 43.2 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/ugrnd/ugrnd_lab_2.ogg 29.5 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/ugrnd/ugrnd_lab_3.ogg 35.5 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/ugrnd/ugrnd_lab_4.ogg 40.1 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/ugrnd/ugrnd_lab_5.ogg 56.1 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/ugrnd/ugrnd_lab_6.ogg 71.5 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/ugrnd/ugrnd_metal_1.ogg 30.8 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/ugrnd/ugrnd_metal_2.ogg 28.9 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/ugrnd/ugrnd_metal_3.ogg 30.1 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/ugrnd/ugrnd_metal_4.ogg 29.7 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/ugrnd/ugrnd_metal_5.ogg 28.2 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/ugrnd/ugrnd_metal_6.ogg 20.8 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/ugrnd/ugrnd_metal_7.ogg 24.6 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/ugrnd/ugrnd_noise_1.ogg 39.0 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/ugrnd/ugrnd_noise_2.ogg 32.9 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/ugrnd/ugrnd_noise_3.ogg 38.8 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/ugrnd/ugrnd_noise_4.ogg 24.4 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/ugrnd/ugrnd_noise_5.ogg 19.5 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/ugrnd/ugrnd_noise_6.ogg 20.5 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/ugrnd/ugrnd_noise_7.ogg 21.7 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/ugrnd/ugrnd_noise_8.ogg 22.1 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/ugrnd/ugrnd_noise_9.ogg 23.1 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/ugrnd/ugrnd_noise_10.ogg 20.9 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/ugrnd/ugrnd_noise_11.ogg 20.0 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/ugrnd/ugrnd_noise_12.ogg 31.8 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/ugrnd/ugrnd_whispers_1.ogg 286.1 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/ugrnd/ugrnd_whispers_2.ogg 167.0 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/ugrnd/ugrnd_whispers_3.ogg 73.6 kilobytes
stalker/sound/ambience/ugrnd/ugrnd_whispers_4.ogg 61.0 kilobytes
